Array/String

1. Count of longest possible subarrays with sum not divisible by K.

2. Find common elements between two arrays.

3. Find the subarrays of an array.

4. Find the sum of subarrays of an array. (O(n) Time is required)

5. Find second max elements in an array,

6. Implementation – Insertion Sort, Merge Sort, Heap Sort, Radix Sort

7. Largest contiguous sum subarray

8. Write a program to reverse a string without using any inbuilt function ?

9. You are given a file containing space seperated words, your job is to find the most trending word in a file.

10. Write a program of printing the nth number in fibonacci series.         (logn -> use matrix exponentiation)

11. Explain the working of Merge Sort.

12. You are given a sequence of numbers your job is to find frequency of each element in single traversal (approach of using hashmap).

    given a 2gb file and an extra 1gb memory, use this 1gb memory to sort the entire 2gb file (use merge-sort -> merge procedure keeping max chunk size as 1gb)

13. Suppose you are given two arrays, you have to merge them in sorted order.

14. Generate substrings of string.

15. Find the lexicographically next permutation of a given string.

16. Write a program that checks whether a string is palindromic in nature.

17. Given an integer, print the next smallest palindrome.

18. Find the prime factors of a number [use : Sieve of Eratosthenes]

    longest palindromic substring (manachar's algorithm)

    maximum possible average value of sub-sequences of an array a


Stack/ Queue

19. What is Stack ?

20. What is Queue ?

21. Implement Stack & Queue.            // 

22. Conditions for Stack Overflow and Queue Insertion/ Deletion.

23. Explain Enqueue() & Dequeue() operation.


Linked List

24. Find the reverse of singly/doubly linked list.

    reverse a linked list of k groups

25. Find the length of singly linked list.

26. Given a linked list find the middle element.

27. Implement merge sort but not in array, in linked list.

28. Given a linked list check if it is palindrome or not.

29. Write a program to detect a loop in linked list.

30. Search an element in a Linked List.

    alternate nodes in a linked list

Tree

31. BST – Insertion, Deletion, Traversing

32. Inorder/ Preorder/ Postorder Traversal of Linked List

33. How is B+ tree different from B Tree ?

34. Level Order Traversal Binary Tree.

35. Vertical Order Traversal Binary Tree.

36. Mirror view of Binary Tree.

37. Top/Bottom/Left/Right view of Binary Tree.

38. Zigzag order traversal of Tree

Graph

39. Implement level order traversal of a graph.

40. Implement BFS.

41. Implement DFS.

42. Explain the difference between BFS, & DFS and Implement.

43. Write code for Red Black Tree implementation.

    Graph colouring

Miscellaneous

44. Coin Change Problem




1) Version of Minimum Cost to connect all cities to be implemented and explained    ???????

2) Rat in a Maze (Backtracking, dp(maybe))

3) Design IRCTC with use cases (using oops ??? )          -- seems popular question  

4) Kadanes Algo

7) long url to short url (use hashing)

11) sum of all pairs in arrays

